The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James
Opportunities don't happen. You create them. - Chris Grosser
It always seems impossible until it's done. - Nelson Mandela
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
Dream big and dare to fail. - Norman Vaughan
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. - C.S. Lewis
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time. - Anonymous
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. - Wayne Gretzky
The future depends on what you do today. - Mahatma Gandhi
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller
I never dreamed about success, I worked for it. - Estee Lauder
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. - Anonymous
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you. - Anonymous
Great things never come from comfort zones. - Anonymous
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it. - Anonymous
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it. - Anonymous
Dream it. Wish it. Do it. - Anonymous
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done. - Marilyn Monroe
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction. - Anonymous
Little things make big days. - Isabel Marant
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible. - Anonymous
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. - Sean Patrick Flanery
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it. - Anonymous
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths. - Anonymous
Success is what comes after you stop making excuses. - Luis Galarza
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will. - Suzy Kassem
