Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same. - Emily Brontë
I have waited for this opportunity for more than half a century, to repeat to you once again my vow of eternal fidelity and everlasting love. - Gabriel García Márquez
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. - Dr. Seuss
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. - Roy Croft
If I know what love is, it is because of you. - Hermann Hesse
I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more. - Angelita Lim
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides. - David Viscott
You are my sun, my moon, and all my stars. - E.E. Cummings
I wish I knew how to quit you. - Annie Proulx
I look at you and see the rest of my life in front of my eyes. - Anonymous
Love recognizes no barriers. - Maya Angelou
You are the finest, loveliest, tenderest, and most beautiful person I have ever known—and even that is an understatement. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once. - John Green
I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone. - J.R.R. Tolkien
In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. - Maya Angelou
I love you more than I have ever found a way to say to you. - Ben Folds
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day. - A.A. Milne
You make me want to be a better man. - Melvin Udall (As Good as It Gets)
I am yours, don’t give myself back to me. - Rumi
My heart is and always will be yours. - Jane Austen
You had me at hello. - Jerry Maguire
I choose you. And I’ll choose you over and over and over. - Anonymous
Grow old along with me; the best is yet to be. - Robert Browning
Every love story is beautiful, but ours is my favorite. - Anonymous
You’re nothing short of my everything. - Ralph Block
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. - Aristotle
I swear I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow. - Leo Christopher
I need you like a heart needs a beat. - OneRepublic
You are my today and all of my tomorrows. - Leo Christopher
When I follow my heart, it leads me to you. - Anonymous
